URL change on digital.gov.bc impacting tech docs URLS (#313)
bcgov/platform-developer-docs: src/docs/build-deploy-and-maintain-apps/maintain-an-application.md

Moreover, it's advisable for all team members to remain engaged with the community through the following channels:

- Subscribe to [Platform Services Newsletters](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/internal-resources/subscribe/) so that you will receive email notifications for upcoming changes, as well as [the Platform Community MeetUp Event](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/team/#stay) every 3 weeks for platform updates and technical demos.

- Monitor [Rocket.Chat #devops-alerts channel](https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/channel/devops-alerts) for service alerts and status updates. Rocket.Chat serves as the main communication method for teams on the platform to get help, share knowledge and information, and build up the community. 

> - Take a look at [common platform requests](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/support/#common) . This section can be helpful to your team to discover the most commonly searched-for tasks, with links to additional instructions.

Reviewer: Where should this anchor be pointing?

Author: Actually that section is no longer active

> - Take a look at [common platform requests](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/support/#common) . This section can be helpful to your team to discover the most commonly searched-for tasks, with links to additional instructions.

Author: ```suggestion
- Take a look at the [various support options](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/support/#how) available in the Private cloud, helpful to determine troubleshooting channels for application or platform issues
```

When a new member joins your team, they should go through a similar onboarding process as any other person joining the OpenShift platform. Along with getting familiar with the specific application(s) supported by their new team, they should also:

* Attend [OpenShift 101](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/support/openshift-101/) and [OpenShift 201](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/support/openshift-201/) training
* Go through the [onboarding process](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/onboard/) which can be done with your team's Product owner or by scheduling a meeting with a member of the Platform team. 
* Join the community on [Rocket.Chat](../../bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/steps-to-join-rocketchat/), [Stack Overflow](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/support/#community) and our [Platform Community Meetups](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/team/#stay)

> * [Obtain access](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/cloud/private/support/) to all relevant namespaces, repositories and other services. Please go to the section: Report and incident > Common platform requests section.  Remember to also update the [Platform Product Registry](https://registry.developer.gov.bc.ca/), if needed. 

Reviewer: Does this refer to a missing section 'common platform requests?'?

Author: All of those are still valid  Stack overflow should be: https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/support/#additional-support
